<?xml version="1.0" encoding="Windows-1252" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="about">
  <title>About</title>
  <body>
    <p>
      Helpinator is an integrated documentation development environment with accent on productivity.
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      Helpinator is a single source tool. You can compile 
      <b>CHM</b>
      , 
      <b>PDF</b>
      , 
      <b>RTF</b>
      , 
      <b>DOCX</b>
      , 
      <b>WebHelp (Classic and New WebHelp2)</b>
      , 
      <b>Knowledge Bases,</b>
       
      <b>Mobile</b>
      ,
      <b> GitHub-flavored Markdown</b>
      , 
      <b>Printed Manuals</b>
      , 
      <b>EPUB</b>
       and 
      <b>MOBI</b>
       ebooks, 
      <b>JavaHelp</b>
      , 
      <b>OracleHelp</b>
      , 
      <b>HelpGUI, LeanPub, DocBook, DITA, ASCIIDoc, reStructuredText, MajorMindHelp, LiteHelp and plaintext readme</b>
       all from single source. You can even create software documentation 
      <b>WordPress themes</b>
       and publish your online documentation to 
      <b>WordPress</b>
      !
    </p>
    <p>
      Helpinator is a WYSIWYG tool. Write content in a friendly environment.
    </p>
    <p>
      Helpinator is multilingual. You can have as many project languages as you wish. Work with any translation service you wish using &quot;XML Import/Export.&quot;
    </p>
    <p>
      Helpinator has a set of unique features like embeddable step-by-step guides, FAQs and self-checkup quizzes.
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      Major Mind Software provides MajorMindHelpViewer and LiteHelpViewer free of charge if your content was generated using Helpinator. 
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      There&apos;s a features tour on our website: 
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      <xref href="https://www.helpinator.com/benefits.html" scope="external"/>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
