<?xml version="1.0" encoding="Windows-1252" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="commandlinetool">
  <title>Command line tool</title>
  <body>
    <p>
      Helpinator comes with command-line compiler 
      <b>chelpinator.exe</b>
       that you can use in batch files (.bat, .cmd).
    </p>
    <p>
      It has the following parameters:
    </p>
    <p>
      <b>chelpinator.exe &lt;projectfile&gt; &lt;batchname&gt;</b>
    </p>
    <p>
      &lt;projectfile&gt; (required) - full path to the Helpinator project you are about to compile.
    </p>
    <p>
      &lt;batchname&gt; (required) - name of the batch saved to the project file.
    </p>
    <p>
      <u>Example.</u>
    </p>
    <p>
      Suppose path to your project is C:\Project\Help\myproject.hpz.
    </p>
    <p>
      You need to compile PDF help from it and place it into C:\PDF folder. You have variable preset &quot;pro&quot; and want to use it. You have several languages in the project and you want to use &quot;English (United States)&quot;
    </p>
    <p>
      You need to do the following:
    </p>
    <p/>
    <p>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <p>
            Click on the lightning bolt icon on the main toolbar
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Click &quot;New batch&quot;
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Double-click PDF output on the left to add it to the batch
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Set output path to &quot;C:\PDF&quot;
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Save the batch with a meaningful name like &quot;mypdf&quot;.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Save proejct file.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      Now you can call command line compiler to produce PDF:
    </p>
    <p>
      chelpinator.exe &quot;C:\Project\Help\myproject.hpz&quot; &quot;mypdf&quot;
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
