<?xml version="1.0" encoding="Windows-1252" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="epub">
  <title>EPUB</title>
  <body>
    <p>
      EPUB (from Wikipedia) (short for electronic publication; alternatively capitalized as ePub, ePUB, EPub, or epub, with &quot;EPUB&quot; preferred by the vendor) is a free and open e-book standard by the International Digital Publishing Forum (IDPF). Files have the extension .epub.
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      You can read more about this format:
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      <xref href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EPUB" scope="external"/>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      <xref href="http://idpf.org/epub" scope="external"/>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      Helpinator allows you to create EPUB books with one mouse click. All you have to do is:
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      1. Select template for this format in project options.
    </p>
    <p>
      2. Install one of the available EPUB viewers to preview compiled ebook. For example you can use CoolReader:
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      <xref href="http://www.coolreader.org/" scope="external"/>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      HTML Templates for EPUB/MOBI formats are different from those used in CHM/WebHelp/QtHelp/JavaHelp. Though they too have &lt;templatename.html&gt; and &lt;templatename.css&gt; files, their logical structure is different:
    </p>
    <p/>
    <p>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <p>
            Default HTML file defines how a book page looks like.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            There are 2 additional HTML files: front.html and toc.html, the first for &quot;front page&quot; with title, author and etc and the second is for the table of contents.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Default CSS file is for all 3 template HTML files.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
