<?xml version="1.0" encoding="Windows-1252" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="quizanswers">
  <title>Quiz Answers</title>
  <body>
    <p/>
    <p/>
    <glossgroup>
      <glossentry>
        <glossterm>CHM</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
          <p>
            Microsoft Compiled HTML Help is a 
            <text id="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft"/>
            Microsoft
             proprietary 
            <text id="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Online_help"/>
            online help
             format. It was introduced as the successor to 
            <text id="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_WinHelp"/>
            Microsoft WinHelp
             with the release of 
            <text id="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_98"/>
            Windows 98
             and is still supported in 
            <text id="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_7"/>
            Windows 7
            .
          </p>
        </glossdef>
      </glossentry>
      <glossentry>
        <glossterm>HTML</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
          <p>
            HyperText Markup Language (HTML) is the main markup language for web pages. HTML elements are the basic building-blocks of webpages.
          </p>
          <p>
          </p>
          <p>
            HTML is written in the form of HTML elements consisting of tags enclosed in angle brackets (like &lt;html&gt;), within the web page content. HTML tags most commonly come in pairs like &lt;h1&gt; and &lt;/h1&gt;, although some tags, known as empty elements, are unpaired, for example &lt;img&gt;. The first tag in a pair is the start tag, the second tag is the end tag (they are also called opening tags and closing tags). In between these tags web designers can add text, tags, comments and other types of text-based content.
          </p>
        </glossdef>
      </glossentry>
      <glossentry>
        <glossterm>jQuery</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
          <p>
            jQuery is a cross-browser JavaScript library designed to simplify the client-side scripting of HTML.[1] It was released in January 2006 at BarCamp NYC by John Resig. Used by over 55% of the 10,000 most visited websites, jQuery is the most popular JavaScript library in use today.[2][3]
          </p>
        </glossdef>
      </glossentry>
      <glossentry>
        <glossterm>PDF</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
          <p>
            Portable Document Format (PDF) is a file format used to represent documents in a manner independent of application software, hardware, and operating systems.[2] Each PDF file encapsulates a complete description of a fixed-layout flat document, including the text, fonts, graphics, and other information needed to display it. In 1991, Adobe Systems co-founder John Warnock outlined a system called &quot;Camelot&quot;[3] that evolved into PDF.
          </p>
        </glossdef>
      </glossentry>
      <glossentry>
        <glossterm>RTF</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
          <p>
            The Rich Text Format (often abbreviated RTF) is a proprietary[6][7][8] document file format with published specification developed by Microsoft Corporation since 1987 for Microsoft products and for cross-platform document interchange.[citation needed]
          </p>
          <p>
          </p>
          <p>
            Most word processors are able to read and write some versions of RTF.[9] There are several different revisions of RTF specification and portability of files will depend on what version of RTF is being used.[7][10] RTF specifications are changed and published with major Microsoft Word and Office versions.
          </p>
        </glossdef>
      </glossentry>
      <glossentry>
        <glossterm>WebHelp</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
          <p>
            Web help is a type of online help that can either be delivered through the internet or as a stand-alone set of HTML files on a computer. A well-known example of such a system is WebHelp.Com[1]. This approach, mixing internet and local resources, is also used in Windows XP&apos;s Help and Support feature.
          </p>
        </glossdef>
      </glossentry>
    </glossgroup>
  </body>
</topic>
