<?xml version="1.0" encoding="Windows-1252" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="images">
  <title>Images</title>
  <body>
    <p>
      There are two ways to use images in Helpinator:
    </p>
    <p/>
    <p>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <p>
            Regular images, embedded into topics
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Library images, stored in the project&apos;s Image Library and referenced from one or more topics.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>
    </p>
    <p>
      The first one is similar to other Help Authoring Tools and text processors
    </p>
    <p>
      The second is far more efficient from the productivity point of view, since all your images are in one place and you don&apos;t need to browse through project topics to update them when something changes in your program&apos;s UI. Beside that:
    </p>
    <p/>
    <p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>
            Image Library allows you to add annotations to images, so you can make more understandable help files.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Image library allows you to create &quot;cloned&quot; images. Clones are exact copies of &quot;donors&quot; and update the same moment you update &quot;donor&quot; image. But they have different annotations, so you can create a bunch of images with different annotations from the same screenshot. Once UI changes you only have to update one image and the rest will be updated automatically!
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Image Library has categories for images, so it is easy to manage a large project with a lot of images in it.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            You can create &quot;step-by-step guides&quot; from images stores in the image library.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
