<?xml version="1.0" encoding="Windows-1252" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="outputformats">
  <title>Output Formats</title>
  <body>
    <p>
      Currently Helpinator supports the following output formats:
    </p>
    <p/>
    <p>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <p>
            MajorMindHelp - our own HTML-based help system 
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            LiteHelp - our own lightweight help system NOT based on HTML
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            SimpleDocServer
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            CHM (Microsoft HTML Help)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            PDF (Adobe Acrobat)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            RTF (Rich Text Format)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            DOCX (Word 2010+)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Classic WebHelp (HTML based with navigation and 3 options: with frames, without frames and single page).
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            WebHelp-JqueryUI (responsive HTML without frames, uses JQuery UI as a UI framework)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            WebHelp-Bootstrap (uses Bootstrap as a UI framework)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            QtHelp (Qt library native help file format)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            JavaHelp (Java native help file format)
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            EPUB - widespread ebook format
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            MOBI - Amazon Kindle format.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            OracleHelp - help system from Oracle Inc
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            HelpGUI - a lightweight help system for Java
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            WordPress CMS
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Github Flavoured Markdown (for readme.md of your projects, Github Wiki and Github pages).
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Knowledge Base
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Mobile Help - JQuery Mobile, touch-friendly output for displaying help on mobiles and tablets, based on JQuery Mobile.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Single Page HTML
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            LeanPub manuscripts
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            reStructuredText - for use with the excellent readthedocs.io service
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            ASCIIDoc - if you want to employ the power of ASCIIDoc/ASCIIDoctor documentation generators.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            DITA - established documentation authoring standard with a lot of output formats and tools that support it.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Docbook - another industry standard documentation format.
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            Old good plain text to create good formatted readme.txt for your projects.
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
